https://m.i4.cn/ like 3utool or itools


apple id creation address
apple id
cambodia
phnom penh
postal code 120111 road 99

united state
california
postal code 90222 road 343
phone 147 7 digits

freeuserapp8899@gmail.com
security questions
parent meet: ca..
best friend: ra..


iPad, iPhone 6s and below, iPhone SE and iPod touch

    Connect the device to a computer using a USB cable.
    Hold down both the Home button and Lock button.
    After 8 seconds, release the Lock button while continuing to hold down the Home button.
        If the Apple logo appears, the Lock button was held down for too long.
    Nothing will be displayed on the screen when the device is in DFU mode. If open, iTunes will alert you that a device was detected in recovery mode.
        If your device shows a screen telling you to connect the device to iTunes, retry these steps.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus

    Connect the device to a computer using a USB cable.
    Hold down both the Side button and Volume Down button.
    After 8 seconds, release the Side button while continuing to hold down the Volume Down button.
        If the Apple logo appears, the Side button was held down for too long.
    Nothing will be displayed on the screen when the device is in DFU mode. If open, iTunes will alert you that a device was detected in recovery mode.
        If your device shows a screen telling you to connect the device to iTunes, retry these steps.

iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X

    Connect the device to a computer using a USB cable.
    Quick-press the Volume Up button
    Quick-press the Volume Down button
    Hold down the Side button until the screen goes black, then hold down both the Side button and Volume Down button.
    After 5 seconds, release the Side button while continuing to hold down the Volume Down button.
        If the Apple logo appears, the Side button was held down for too long.
    Nothing will be displayed on the screen when the device is in DFU mode. If open, iTunes will alert you that a device was detected in recovery mode.
        If your device shows a screen telling you to connect the device to iTunes, retry these steps.

Exiting DFU Mode

To exit DFU Mode, simply force restart your device.

    For iPad, iPhone 6s and below, iPhone SE and iPod touch: hold the Home button and the Lock button until the device reboots.
    For iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus: hold down the Side button and Volume Down button until the device reboots.
    For iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, and iPhone X: quick-press the Volume Up button, then quick-press the Volume Down button, then hold down the Side button until the device reboots.

Now that your device is good as new and all your apps are downloading, give your device a few days to recalibrate. Please note that recalibration can take some time and we recommend fully charging your device then letting it fully discharge a couple times before declaring the problem officially fixed or not. If the issue comes back and you’ve eliminated the possibility of a software or firmware issue, then it might be time to have us send out a replacement part.

You can also find a great article on the DFU Restore process including a video overview here:  https://www.payetteforward.com/how-to-put-iphone-dfu-mode/

*plugging cable to a computer when pressing your button combination.

for iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE 1st Gen, 
iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5C
Press and hold the home+power. Release when you see the recovery mode screen

for iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and iPod touch (7th generation): 
Press and hold the top (or side) + volume down buttons at the same time.
 Keep holding them until you see the Connect to computer screen.

for iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, iPhone X, iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max, 
iPhone XR, iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro, iPhone 11 Pro Max, iPhone 12, 
iPhone 12 Pro, iPhone 12 Pro Max, iPhone 12 Mini, iPhone SE 2nd Gen, iPhone SE 3rd Gen
Press once and quickly release the volume up button. Press once and quickly release the volume down button.Then press and hold the side button 
until you see the recovery mode screen.

exit recovery mode


Unplug the device from the USB cable.

Hold down the Side and either Volume button, and then drag the slider to power the iPhone off.

Depending on your model, you may need to hold the Sleep/Wake button on the top of the device.

Keep holding until the Apple logo reappears.

Let go of the button and the device will start up. 

  +iPhone X and later, iPhone 8, or iPhone 8 Plus
    Press and release the volume up button.

    Press and release the volume down button.

    Press and hold the side button.

    When the Apple logo appears, release the button.

    + iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus

    Press and hold both the volume down button and the Sleep/Wake button.

    When the Apple logo appears, release both buttons.

    +iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, iPhone SE, or iPhone 5s

    Press and hold both the Sleep/Wake button and the Home button.

    When the Apple logo appears, release both buttons.

voice over

Use the side or top button

If your device doesn't have a Home button, it has either a side or top button.

    or triple-click speed for the side or top button

Use the Home button

    To slow down the double-click or triple-click speed for the Home button.

